#"query:Youtube:tags # \"yt\""

# rss 									     # tags		# creator
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQG40havu4kNpB4pxUDQhYQ art tech		#acerola
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDJULR1Gih0yctzWBMS7EYg mindfulness	#benjiplant
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaN8DZdc8EHo5y1LsQWMiig essay 		#bigjoel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr3cBLTYmIK9kY0F_OdFWFQ entertainment	#casually explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpgi6wIZv7c6TlAY-d1PMuw art		#chroma moma
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7Jwj9fkrf1adN4fMmTkpug tech music		#dankpods
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFZHhzU1hVeRqvgor5Jl3iQ mindfulness essay	#david achu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCc0-cA0mThWPk7_PGjT8oFA fashion		#drew joiner
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD6ERRdXrF2IZ0R888G8PQg ttrpg news		#dungeon craft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVu2-SAuPI7oyZq5w0c3CGg tf2 streams	#fishonastick
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyL0RJe41itDFjd70KKZIZQ fashion		#frugal aesthetic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHdpnvKJDijKNe2caIasnww entertainment	#garbage time
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOv3Z7230GFKHdACf7zJleg anime 		#garnt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7dF9qfBMXrSlaaFFDvV_Yg anime		#gigguk 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgRhvJsaM13emRax3rSbRKQ tf2		#great blue
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClt01z1wHHT7c5lKcU8pxRQ essay		#hbomberguy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQpzKNcVh55v_Igr1kxXuFQ ttrpg streams	#indestructoboy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTjqo_3046IXFFGZ_M5jedA entertainment	#jackisanerd
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJOh5FKisc0hUlEeWFBlD-w essay		#jan misali
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyhnYIvIKK_--PiJXCMKxQQ essay	 	#joseph anderson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcaTUtGzOiS4cqrgtcsHYWg tech mindfulness	#jvscholz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA tech		#mental outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtHaxi4GTYDpJgMSGy7AeSw tech entertainment	#michael reeves
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTvH45HvnOzqXvfNJqdc3xg 			#mossbag
#https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS3lqf12QaNbpJg6h4RoNbA mindfulness	#niko
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIkfrKHG0Ps8yeo2LR1Cqjw ttrpg		#nonat1s
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0intLFzLaudFG-xAvUEO-A essay		#notjustbikes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq6VFHwMzcMXbuKyG7SQYIg news		#penguinz0
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCR3xZ8j5Zc0UOgUGB0D6-w ttrpg		#pointy hat
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwboyKXJkCiHajQorzh-agQ entertainment	#poofesure
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0cd_-e49hZpWLH3UIwoWRA essay		#professor dave
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN5xN8gIljvWYnsj06V8WbQ essay		#pyrocynical
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvYwePdbWSEwUa-Pk02u3Zw ttrpg essay	#questing beast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCM0V8r4kuIWIl6Sy-NHj2lg essay		#quinton review
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1DTYW241WD64ah5BFWn4JA entertainment	#sam o'nella academy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDAjO0-hd_RS8ZYJ4W-Iq5Q mindfulness	#savannah brown
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKq6oQq_CnvzW4vhu-XpQ0g tech		#seongs' seongs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ6o36XL0CpYb6U5dNBiXHQ essay		#shaun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0aanx5rpr7D1M7KCFYzrLQ essay news		#shoeonhead
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi7l9chXMljpUft67vw78qw music		#sideways
#https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDETFHKteb-C_EaXmRKvP4w mindfulness	#sissyphus 55
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3WIohkLkH4GFoMrrWVZZFA 			#skallagrim
#https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtMVHI3AJD4Qk4hcbZnI9ZQ news		#someordinarygamers
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvcEBQ0K3UsQ8bzWKHKQmbw mindfulness	#struthless
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtGoikgbxP4F3rgI9PldI9g essay		#super eyepath wolf
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa962e5dqRMO1nUldwaaRMw tech news		#tailosive tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPnSoX7NkOBcOX0Gfw_yjAw 			#tectone
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCufzX8bG4LkzqKEm7J7W7UA music		#drum thing
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKW6yMwL_aEu83g6DdjVfxw ttrpg		#dungeon dive
#https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw tech news		#linux experiment
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr7N1om5-7UemjK_stlAuTw ttrpg essay	#treantmonk's temple
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu0PSyLD5p_J5osLk5UD0pw tf2		#uncle dane
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0eOlAEMdVgpmThPkpmR-qQ entertainment	#valefisk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3cpN6gcJQqcCM6mxRUo_dA essay		#wendigoon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2-i3KuYoODXsM99Z3-Gm0A essay		#friendlyjordies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCx6cailiCkg_mlMM7JX5yfA tech entertainment	#james channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8Oi0GUllFCc0mZrKVmErvg mindfulness	#lrn julie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC62oK4gTQtOE4DvAFbFlt9Q entertainment	#shortcat
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClbDvbWhzImDvV831Jaco7g entertainment	#mshushi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkK9UDm_ZNrq_rIXCz3xCGA tech		#bryan lunduke
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA tech		#luke smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQO6EwDBUxOYRR6jcAtv_0A ttrpg		#bastionland
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw tech		#primeagen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMnULQ6F6kLDAHxofDWIbrw tech		#pirate software
